---
layout: post
title:  "My First Post!"
date:   2015-03-09 08:30:06
categories: test update
---
Let's try a few things.  First, some c++ code:

{% highlight cpp %}
bool DeltaCalibrationStrategy::rc_calibrate_delta_endstops(Gcode *gcode, bool keep, float target, float bedht)
{
    float trimx = 0.0F, trimy = 0.0F, trimz = 0.0F;
    if (!get_trim(trimx, trimy, trimz)) return false;

    float t1z, t2z, t3z;
    do {
        // set trim
        if(!set_trim(trimx, trimy, trimz, gcode->stream)) return false;
        THEKERNEL->call_event(ON_IDLE);

        // move to start position
        zprobe->home();
        zprobe->coordinated_move(NAN, NAN, -bedht, zprobe->getFastFeedrate(), true); // do an absolute move from home to the point above the bed
        std::tie(t1z, t2z, t3z) = bedProbeTowers(gcode, bedht);

        auto mm = std::minmax({t1z, t2z, t3z});

        if ((mm.second - mm.first) < target) {
            trimx += (mm.first - t1z);
            trimy += (mm.first - t2z);
            trimz += (mm.first - t3z);
        }
    } while (abs(t1z) < target && abs(t2z) < target && abs(t3z) < target);

    return true;
}
{% endhighlight %}

You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention `YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext` and includes the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll’s dedicated Help repository][jekyll-help].

[jekyll]:      http://jekyllrb.com
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-help]: https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-help
